Add informational status into cloudPcOnPremisesConnectionStatus (#21460)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/cloudpconpremisesconnection.md

|:---|:---|
|pending|Created and waiting for health checks.|
|running|Health checks are running.|
|passed|Health checks notify customer the on-premises connection is operating as intended. Customer can provision their Cloud PC without any issue.|
|failed|Health checks notify customer the on-premises connection isn't properly configured or functioning. Provisioning would fail. Customer needs to identify the issue and resolve it using the guidance provided by on-premises connection for provisioning to be successful.|

> |warning|Health checks notify customer the on-premises connection isn't configured as per Microsoft's best practice guidance, such as endpoint connectivity. Customer is recommended to configure Cloud PC required endpoints before provisioning a Cloud PC. It will not affect the provisioning of our customers' Cloud PC but may affect the customer's experience.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|warning|Health checks notify customer the Azure network connection isn't configured as per Microsoft's best practice guidance, such as endpoint connectivity. Customer is recommended to configure Cloud PC required endpoints before provisioning a Cloud PC. It will not affect the provisioning of our customers' Cloud PC but may affect the customer's experience.|
```

Reviewer: @Monica-Ji  Also I remember last year we've already used "Azure network connection" to replace "on-premises connection" right? So please help update in this file, thanks.

Author: correct, good catch, just copy from graph api description.
